docs: add contributor windows os non-homedrive usage (#606)
nodejs/corepack: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you want to build Corepack yourself, you can build the project like this:

> 1. Clone this repository. (See below [Contributing on Windows](#contributing-on-windows) if you plan to use Microsoft Windows.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repository. N.B.: Windows users might need to read the [Contributing on Windows](#contributing-on-windows) section before cloning.
```

Author: I prefer the original text since Windows users will need to read the text first to find out if it affects them, and I wouldn't suggest not reading it, so saying "might need to read" implies that you could ignore the section first.

I ran into the issue on my desktop test machine which has an SSD C: drive and a separate hard drive D: as standard. I cloned into the D: drive where I have more space and that's when I hit this issue.

The issue could be avoided also if the Corepack repo used `nodeLinker: node-modules` instead of the default `pnp`, in which case this special section for Windows users would not be necessary. That is something which could be considered separately.

Also, as a secondary point, the [Microsoft Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-us-spelling-avoid-non-english-words) advises "Avoid Latin abbreviations for common English phrases." so I would not use "N.B.".

If you feel strongly that the text should be changed to your suggestion, then I would merge it, however I would like to keep what I originally wrote.

Reviewer: There are two things I don't like in the current wording:

- "if you plan to use", if you're working on Linux and "plan to use" Windows, I don't see how it's relevant.
- "Microsoft Windows", that's just a weird way of talking about it
```suggestion
1. Clone this repository. Some restrictions on the cloning location apply to Windows users, read [Contributing on Windows](#contributing-on-windows) for more information.
```
